Document campaigns (#239)
danskernesdigitalebibliotek/dpl-react: docs/campaigns.md

# Campaigns

Campaigns are elements that are shown on the search result page above the search
result list. There are three types of campaigns:

1. Full campaigns - containing an image and a some text.
2. Text-only campaigns - they don't show any images.
3. Image-only campaigns - they don't show any text.

However, they are only shown in case certain criteria are met. We check for this
by contacting the dpl-cms API.

## How campaign setup works in dpl-cms

> Dpl-cms is a cms system based on Drupal, where the system administrators can set
> up campaigns they want to show to their users. Drupal also allows the cms system
> to act as an API endpoint that we then can contact from our apps.
> The cms administratots can specify the content (image, text) and the visibility
> criteria for each campaign they create. The visibility criteria is based on
> search filter facets. Does that sound familiar? Yes, we use anoter API to get
> that very data in THIS project - in the search result app.
> The facets differ based on the search string the user uses for their search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dpl-cms is a cms system based on Drupal, where the system administrators can set
up campaigns they want to show to their users. Drupal also allows the cms system
to act as an API endpoint that we then can contact from our apps.

The cms administrators can specify the content (image, text) and the visibility
criteria for each campaign they create. The visibility criteria is based on
search filter facets.
Does that sound familiar? Yes, we use another API to get that very data
in THIS project - in the search result app.
The facets differ based on the search string the user uses for their search.
```

As an example, the dpl-cms admin could wish to show a Harry Potter related
campaign to all the users whose search string retreives search facets which
have "Harry Potter" as one of the most relevant subjects.
Campaigns in dpl-cms can use triggers such as subject, main language, etc.

> 

Reviewer: Would it be an idea to show an example of the hook being used, or are you afraid of that the documentation gets deprecated when/if the code changes?
This is an ancient problem that I do not have the golden answer to.

Author: You know what, that's not a bad idea :) I included a snippet 😉
